[Music]
hey you still waiting for a visit from
the little green men sorry but you might
have missed that one by about ten
million years a new study claims that
aliens do exist and they've already
visited our planet
they just haven't come back in a long
time published in the astronomical
journal in August 2019 the study points
out that extraterrestrials could be
taking their sweet time getting to our
planet why because they likely rely on
the movement of star systems since they
make crossing the universe easier you
see stars and planets move around the
center of our Milky Way and they pass
one another occasionally hello and the
Milky Way galaxy itself is also rotating
the study argues that aliens could be
waiting for one of those destinations to
move closer to them this could be a
reason why they haven't visited us the
study itself delves into a theory called
the Fermi paradox it asks if alien
civilizations do exist why haven't we
found evidence of them in our galaxy the
paradox is named after Italian American
physicist Enrico Fermi back in 1950 he
was having lunch and discussing recent
UFO sightings with his colleagues when
they started talking about how these
UFOs would have to travel faster than
the speed of light to get to earth Fermi
could only wonder but where is everybody
that is if they have this technology why
don't we see more of them more often it
doesn't make sense if there are billions
of stars and planets where intelligent
life could have evolved to the point of
having interstellar travel this Fermi
paradox forced scientists into two camps
either no one ever left their planet or
we Earthlings are the only advanced
life-form in the whole galaxy
but this 2019 study sheds new light on
the question by explaining why they
haven't visited us
make sense but there are plenty of other
theories why aliens seem so uninterested
in our little rock there's the
possibility that conditions on earth
could be fatal for them think about it
signs of microscopic organisms have been
found on Mars and other planets and
moons humans certainly couldn't live on
Mars but these bacteria could if aliens
have evolved specifically under the
conditions on their home planets then
earth could be toxic for them it would
be like you or me going to Venus and
trying to breathe in pure carbon dioxide
never mind that it's also so hot there
that we'd likely melt before we even got
a whiff and they'd likely know about
this those fancy saucers they're flying
can probably measure the conditions on a
planet from a farm they're purposely not
making contact with a planet they
wouldn't survive on chances are they've
come near earth but decided to keep
moving on there's also something like a
zoo theory you think these super
intelligent beings would have advanced
space suits to protect them from harsh
planetary conditions if that were the
case then aliens aren't interested in us
because they probably see us as
primitive beings they choose not to make
contact which like we don't go up to
wild animals and try to talk or reason
with them maybe we haven't been able to
communicate with aliens simply because
we have such different ways of
communicating if they have tried making
contact how would we know we communicate
with radio signals and sound waves they
might use some other system completely
unimaginable and unintelligible to us
what if this difference makes us
invisible to one another and of course
there's the theory that they've been
among us all this time
they're just particularly good at hiding
hmm you're not an alien are you yeah
just checking anyway can't talk about
aliens without mentioning crop circles
these massive and perfectly geometrical
figures have been a source of
extraterrestrial speculation all over
the world for decades one of the first
incidents occurred in the 1960s when an
Australian farmer supposedly saw a you
whoa rise up and fly away from his land
he then discovered the reeds and grass
lying flat in a clockwise pattern many
believe extraterrestrial beings are to
blame and that these images may serve as
a way of communication for them or
possibly even landing sites but the only
evidence so far points to creative
humans with a lot of spare time on their
hands one man even admitted to doing it
himself back in the 90s if it is ETS
then England seems to be their favorite
spot for drawing weird pictures in the
countryside particularly around
Stonehenge and that brings me to another
popular alien Theory author Erich von
Daniken proposed that Stonehenge served
as a landing site for aliens because
many of the stones weigh about 25 times
he found it impossible that humans
constructed the monument 5,000 years ago
other ancient sites believed to be built
by aliens include Peru's sacsayhuamán
the Egyptian pyramids and tota Aachen in
Mexico so far there's no way of proving
that extraterrestrials constructed these
mysterious monuments for one reason or
another okay so what if humans did come
in contact with aliens what would they
look like
some experts have suggested that aliens
may look completely different than what
we expect popular drawings and
caricatures show similar features long
limbs large almond-shaped eyes set on
egg-shaped heads and green or gray
bodies these little green men typically
land on Earth aboard a flying saucer but
the chances that they look so similar to
us two legs two arms two eyes etc are
slim life forms evolved depending on
their particular planetary conditions so
for example if the gravity on their home
planet is quite strong they'd likely be
more horizontal creatures rather than
vertical like us the most bizarre alien
theory is called the panspermia
hypothesis it turns all the others
upside down and claims that we humans
are the aliens this is the idea that
life did not originate on our planet but
rather on other worlds how did we get
here simple we started as bacteria that
were later transported to earth by
meteorites ah humble microbial
beginnings the earth does serve as a
model when thinking about life on other
planets
life exists in extreme conditions on our
own home turf you can find creatures in
the deepest oceans on top of the highest
mountains in the heat of the hottest
deserts and even in the frozen soil of
the tundra that would justify our most
recent obsession with Mars it contains
water and some of the same conditions
found on earth could the Red Planet be
something like early Earth it's
interesting to think about a recent poll
found that 20% of Americans believe
aliens have visited our planet and those
numbers might start going up any time
now in the summer of 2019 u.s. Navy
pilots admitted to seeing UFOs now
remember that UFO doesn't necessarily
mean there's a little gray dude in there
it simply means they couldn't identify
what this flying object was but they are
strange alright these UFOs seem to defy
all laws of our physical world they're
incredibly fast and can change direction
in the blink of an eye the majority of
these events are left without
explanation the most popular states by
the number of reported sightings are
Vermont Montana New Hampshire Alaska
Maine and California all witnesses
describe similar things bright lights
typically in a v-formation
in the night sky citizens also describe
that same erratic movement and then they
just vanish could witnesses in totally
different locations be seeing the same
type of object or are they simply
describing what's been accepted as UFO
behavior without really witnessing
anything well the more people that
report the same sighting the
are credible it might be but we still
can't know for sure
sightings and interest in UFOs have been
on a steady decline since 2014 some of
this can be blamed on the development of
technology since people have a whole
world of information right in the palm
of their hand they can stay better
informed versus relying on questionable
fuzzy videos plus most of us always have
our smartphone on us and so it becomes a
legit question when someone claims to
have seen a UFO well why didn't you take
a video of it or maybe people simply
don't care anymore
we've all got our noses buried in social
media we probably wouldn't even notice a
UFO right above our heads or even an
alien right behind this microphone is
there advanced life beyond our planet
and have they visited us let me know
what you think down in the comments if
you learned something new today then
give the video a like and share it with
a friend
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life